Terms of Service ("Terms")

Last updated: 30/09/2023

Please read these Terms of Service before using the discord nitro generator.

Nitro Generator

I do not condone or support the use of Nitro generators for malicious purposes. The Discord Nitro Generator provided on this website is for educational and entertainment purposes only. It does not produce valid, functioning Nitro codes, and I expressly state that it is intended for amusement and educational demonstrations.

Accounts

When you create an account with me, you must provide me with accurate, complete, and up-to-date information. Failure to do so constitutes a breach of the Terms, which may result in immediate termination of your account on my Service.

You are responsible for safeguarding the password that you use to access the Service and for any activities or actions under your password, whether your password is with my Service or a third-party service.

Content

My Service may allow you to post, link, store, share, and otherwise make available certain information, text, graphics, videos, or other material ("Content"). You are responsible for the Content that you post on or through the Service, including its legality, reliability, and appropriateness.

By posting Content on or through the Service, you grant me the right and license to use, modify, publicly perform, publicly display, reproduce, and distribute such Content on and through the Service. You retain any and all of your rights to any Content you submit, post, or display on or through the Service, and you are responsible for protecting those rights.

Links To Other Web Sites

My Service may contain links to third-party websites or services that are not owned or controlled by me.

I have no control over, and assume no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party websites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that I shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any such content, goods, or services available on or through any such websites or services.

Changes

I reserve the right, at my sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material, I will provide at least [X days] notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at my sole discretion.